Allow OpenTelemetry child spans for Sentry Transactions (#3288)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Features

> - Sentry Transactions now work with OpenTelemetry child spans ([#3288](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3288))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SDK's performance API now works in conjunction with OpenTelemetry's instrumentation. This means that SentrySpans and captured Activities now show up in the same span-tree. ([#3288](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/3288))
```
